Formspec: Show a player inventory using core.show_formspec (#15963)
luanti-org/luanti: doc/lua_api.md

* `core.show_formspec(playername, formname, formspec)`
    * `playername`: name of player to show formspec
    * `formname`: name passed to `on_player_receive_fields` callbacks.
        * It should follow the `"modname:<whatever>"` naming convention.
        * If empty: Reshows the inventory formspec. Servers and
          clients >= 5.12.0 will update the inventory formspec

>           (`ObjectRef:set_inventory_formspec`) for future opens.

Reviewer: so isn't this equivalent to the following?
```lua
player:set_inventory_formspec(fs)
core.show_formspec(player:get_player_name(), "", fs)
```
what's the point then?

Author: Yes it is. It's mainly for consistency such that the server only works with the most recently sent formspec.

Reviewer 2: The point of this PR is to allow future set_inventory_formspec calls to update the formspec if it is shown by show_formspec. So you can now use `show_formspec` to open the inventory formspec, and set_inventory_formspec will continue to work

Reviewer: So currently doing `core.show_formspec(player:get_player_name(), "", fs)` where `fs ~= player:get_inventory_formspec()` causes some inconsistency/brokenness?

Author: >  So currently doing [...] causes some inconsistency/brokenness?

Yes. The client needs to know whether the player inventory is open such that newly sent values via `inventory_formspec` are respected (done by `PlayerInventoryFormSource`). `handleCommand_InventoryFormSpec` does not open the inventory but may update it.

* `core.show_formspec(playername, formname, formspec)`
    * `playername`: name of player to show formspec
    * `formname`: name passed to `on_player_receive_fields` callbacks.
        * It should follow the `"modname:<whatever>"` naming convention.
        * If empty: Shows an inventory formspec. Use
          `ObjectRef:set_inventory_formspec` to change it for future opens.

>           Supported if server AND client are both of version >= 5.13.0.

Reviewer 3: I would like this to be explicit on:

1. the inventory formspec doesn't change, this is just a temporary formspec
2. a formspec opened this way will, just like the regular inventory formspec, update if `player:set_inventory_formspec` is called

Reviewer 3: >  This is already covered by "Shows an inventory formspec." otherwise it would be "Shows **the** inventory formspec.".

IMO trying to convey information through such wording details is problematic. They easily go unnoticed or are not understood. To make sense of the slightly different wording here, you would already have to know how that temporary inventory formspec overrides are a thing. It's easier for the reader if we write things out

>  I could reword it to "Shows a custom, temporary inventory formspec." if you prefer that.

I think that's better 👍

> This is already documented by `ObjectRef:set_inventory_formspec` (after your suggestion).

I don't think it's clear that this also applies to `show_formspec`. The behavior is somewhat contradictory:

1. showing an inventory formspec via `show_formspec` does not update `set_inventory_formspec` state (behavior differs from `set_inventory_formspec`)

2. updating `set_inventory_formspec` state also updates an inventory formspec shown via `show_formspec`  (behavior like `set_inventory_formspec`)

Author: > I don't think it's necessarily clear that this also applies to show_formspec. The behavior is somewhat contradictory:

If the unique `inventory formspec` terminology is respected, the documentation in this PR reads as follows:

> * If empty: Shows a [...] inventory formspec.

>  Redefines the player's inventory formspec.
>    * If the inventory formspec is currently open on the client, it is
>      updated immediately.

This is very similar to the detail of "Shows an" vs "Shows the", where "If the inventory formspec" would better become "If any inventory formspec".
I also tried to find a quick sentence to describe this contradiction highlighted above but couldn't come up with anything that would fit well.

Reviewer 3: > If the unique `inventory formspec` terminology is respected, the documentation in this PR reads as follows: [...] This is very similar to the detail of "Shows an" vs "Shows the", where "If the inventory formspec" would better become "If any inventory formspec".

For the reader to understand this, they would still have to analyze the exact wording similarities/differences between the two sections (which are also about 1,700 lines apart)

    * Returns `nil` if no attribute found.
* `get_meta()`: Returns metadata associated with the player (a PlayerMetaRef).
* `set_inventory_formspec(formspec)`

>     * Redefine player's inventory form. This sends an update to the player.
>     * Should usually be called in `on_joinplayer`
>     * If `formspec` is `""`, the player's inventory is disabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * Redefine player's inventory form
    * Should usually be called at least once, in `on_joinplayer`
    * If `formspec` is `""`, the player's inventory is disabled.
    * If the inventory formspec is currently open on the client, it is
      updated immediately.
    * See also: `core.register_on_player_receive_fields`
```

This suggestion includes what I meant by

> You could also document in `set_inventory_formspec` that the formspec is updated if currently open, that's not documented yet either

"This sends an update to the player." has to be the case for the function to work at all, it's more of an implementation detail, but doesn't necessarily imply that the client also immediately updates the open formspec
